GH-46080 [Docs] Provide guidance for tzdata related issues if installing with pip (#46591)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/install.rst

.. warning::
   On Linux, you will need pip >= 19.0 to detect the prebuilt binary packages.

> You may encounter problems writing datetime data to a file if you install
> pyarrow with pip.  One process to fix this problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may encounter problems writing datetime data to an ORC file if you install
pyarrow with pip. One possible solution to fix this problem:
```

   1. Install tzdata with ``pip install tzdata``

>    2. Set the environmental variable ``TZDIR`` = ``path/to/tzdata``

Reviewer 2: I think it would be clearer to use `path\to\.venv` here directly. That way, the additional explanation on line 82 wouldn't be necessary. Also, since this only applies to Windows, we should use backslashes (`\`) instead of forward slashes (`/`).

```suggestion
   2. Set the environmental variable ``TZDIR`` = ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\``
```

You can find where ``tzdata`` is installed with the following python

> commands

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
commands:
```

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import tzdata
   >>> print(tzdata.__file__)
   path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\__init__.py

> You only need to set the TZDIR environmental variable to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You only need to set the ``TZDIR`` environmental variable to
```

> ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\`` in the above example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\`` in the above example.
```

   >>> import pyarrow as pa
   >>> pa.set_timezone_db_path("custom_path")

You may encounter problems writing datetime data to an ORC file if you install
pyarrow with pip. One possible solution to fix this problem:

   1. Install tzdata with ``pip install tzdata``

>    2. Set the environment variable ``TZDIR`` = ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. Set the environment variable ``TZDIR = path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\``
```

   >>> import pyarrow as pa
   >>> pa.set_timezone_db_path("custom_path")

You may encounter problems writing datetime data to an ORC file if you install
pyarrow with pip. One possible solution to fix this problem:

   1. Install tzdata with ``pip install tzdata``

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>    2. Set the environmental variable ``TZDIR`` = ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. Set the environment variable ``TZDIR`` = ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\``
```

You can find where ``tzdata`` is installed with the following python
commands:

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import tzdata
   >>> print(tzdata.__file__)
   path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\__init__.py

> You only need to set the ``TZDIR`` environmental variable to
> ``path\to\.venv\Lib\site-packages\tzdata\`` in the above example.

Reviewer 2: Removing this part as the path and the environment variable are already mentioned in the numbered list.

```suggestion
```
